The Barclays app. How to make payments.
The Barclays app puts the power
to pay at your fingertips.
Just log in and choose, 'Pay & Transfer'.
Select 'Pay a recent or new payee'.
Choose the account you
would like to pay from
and then tap 'Add / select payee'.
If you're paying someone you've paid
before, either through the app or online banking
just select their name
from the list.
Or to pay someone new, choose
'Add new payee'.
Tap 'Enter bank details'.
Choose who you're paying
and enter their information.
Once you've added all the details, we'll
check them with the recipient's bank
if the details match, we'll
confirm the details are correct.
If the name doesn't match
other responses may occur.
You can search 'Confirmation of payee' on the
Barclays website for more information.
If the details match, tap 'Continue'.
Next, enter the amount you want to pay
and add a reference that you'll both see
on your statements.
Then choose whether this is a one off
payment or a standing order
and select 'Review payment'.
Choose the type of payment you're making.
Tap to confirm you've read the information
about fraud and scams
and if you're happy tap 'Continue'.
If you're paying someone new,
you'll need your debit card as you'll need
to add a few more details for security.
Check the details, tap 'Confirm payment'
and you're done.